feat(evaluation): show gt and prediction annotation sources in run details panel (#1292)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

- enable picker for annotation source menu

- Embedding plot: added a "No coloring" option to the "Color by" dropdown to disable coloring.

> - show gt and prediction annotation sources in run details panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show ground truth and prediction annotation sources in evaluation run details panel.
```

> - Show gt and prediction annotation sources in run details panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show ground truth and prediction annotation sources in run details panel
```
